("Stoop Kid" by Guapdad 4000)
♪ It was crazy like ♪
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪ Livin' on 10th because ♪
♪ Like when my grandma
came from the Philippines ♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪ That was the first place she
was at. and she never left ♪
♪ I was really high and
it's unforgettable ♪
♪ I'm just thinkin' about all
the shit that had happened ♪
♪ When a nigga was like. on that porch ♪
♪ Walkin' from my uncle's real slow ♪
♪ I was fucked up off an edible ♪
♪ Playin' "Tekken" with
the precious terrible ♪
♪ But I looked up and was
like damn. there she go ♪
♪ I used to fuck yo' homie now I can't ♪
♪ You gave me that pussy from the gate ♪
♪ Thеy always say you
shouldn't fuck on first dates ♪
♪ But I could hate you
afterwards so why wait ♪
♪ I seen my first lovе on this porch ♪
♪ I seen the weapon draw
blood from this porch ♪
♪ Hoes gave me money from
a trick on this porch ♪
♪ Shooting dice. lost a
brick on this porch. uh-oh ♪
♪ I was drawin' cartoons on this porch ♪
♪ Stealin' buckets.
buddy. zoom like a sport ♪
♪ I seen my mama go to
jail from this porch ♪
♪ Sometimes the hood felt like
hell on that porch. oh no ♪
♪ I seen niggas I grew
up with on the pavement ♪
♪ I seen hoes I never fucked
with yellin' save me ♪
♪ Bitches lyin' to my
brothers about some babies ♪
♪ I seen my brothers lie to
me and they betrayed me ♪
♪ Stoop kid won't leave this stoop ♪
♪ I couldn't believe it too ♪
♪ I just know that I could
never see this through ♪
♪ In the outside. gotta go outside ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
(videotape whirring)
(slow relaxing music)
- [Narrator] Survival is
the greatest human instinct.
Humans and animals use
deception in order to survive.
Surviving Oakland was not for the weak.
You either had to walk on water to escape.
or burn everything down with fire.
and we really good at burning shit.
I survived Oakland because
the furnace inside me
nurtured a greater glow
than the fires around me.
For me. scamming was
about breaking the system
and showing how smart you
are for figuring it out.
The old heads had their way.
they were either taking what you bought.
selling what they cooked. or grew.
some niggas was even selling you.
My generation had a more elegant way.
What's the common denominator?
Money. and we found a way to take that.
Without my momma or my daddy present.
I had to figure it out.
And when it came to finessing
Turns out I was a genius.
("Touch Dough" by
Guapdad 4000 and Illmind)
♪ DTB on the beat. that's broke ♪
♪ You couldn't be a
better scammer than me ♪
♪ Even if you scammed
everyday of the week ♪
♪ I been up in Gucci
with a top notch freak ♪
♪ Nigga. I get money
everyday in the week ♪
♪ Hey. you couldn't be a
better scammer than me ♪
♪ Even if you scammed
everyday of the week ♪
♪ I been up in Gucci
with a top notch freak ♪
♪ Nigga. I get money
everyday in the week ♪
♪ Hey. I've been launderin' funds ♪
♪ Through the money transfer ♪
♪ 'Fore I go out scammin' ♪
♪ I do the monеy dance first ♪
♪ When you walk in the storе ♪
♪ You gotta say what we rehearsed ♪
♪ You don't want them to hate ♪
♪ And then the payment get reversed ♪
I had to take care of
my family. my grandma.
my brothers. and my sister.
I was just a kid trying to raise kids.
so making money in the hood
required a higher level of creativity.
Our bread and butter was
sliding for them gift cards.
tap in with the dark web
so when I make that purchase.
I'm not losing the money.
The funny thing about robbing digitally
is that they expect it (chuckles).
why else do thy insure it?
They know what I'm finna do.
you just got to present it right.
not with a gun to someone's chest.
but with a smile and a story.
I wasn't a criminal
(chuckles). I was a caretaker.
I fed my demons. the same
way white people feed theirs.
theft and deception.
How you doing tonight. sister?
- Hi. good. how are you?
- [Narrator] Thieves stealing from thieves
is a victimless crime.
Gonna make some quick purchases.
and go and get up out your way.
- Okay.
- Cynthia.
you said your name is?
- Yeah.
- Beautiful name. beautiful name.
that was my grandmother's name. Cynthia.
- Oh.
- Amen. amen. brother.
- Yeah.
- Rest her soul.
rest her soul.
- Do you know the origin
of your name?
- Huh?
- Do you know the origin of your name?
- I don't know. Irish?
- It comes from Ephesians
chapter 10:100. "Having sinned. thy... a."
- And that is a word. that
is a word. that is a word.
- Amen. amen.
- Okay.
- Excuse me. where is my manners?
My name is Brian McSwipethis. this is-
- Reverend Refund.
- Uh-huh.
- Deacon Discover.
- We're youth pastors with
the Neon Genesis Evangelical
First Episcopal Baptist
Irish-Catholic Church
of Douglas T MacKenzie.
- Mm-hmm. can I have a
hallelujah up in here?
- We don't usually sell
this many gift cards.
- Yeah. so you know
the park. the big park.
down there by City Hall.
- Yes.
- Yes. so we got the whole park.
I'm talking. I'm talking everything
where the Lord's light shines.
you can have a great
find. and a great time.
- Amen. brother.
- Yes.
- Singing the Lord's praises.
- Amen. brother.
- Amen.
- And smelling
the Lord's daisies.
- Amen.
- So just gonna do some
gift card purchases
to give out in the raffle.
- Where is your church?
- New Jersey.
- Atlantic City.
- Yeah.
- Can you just grab the whole rack.
we might as well clean y'all out.
We. you know. you know the
park over by City Hall.
- All of them?
- You know the park
over by City Hall how massive that is?
We got two big stages.
everybody coming to
sing the Lord's praises.
It's gonna be huge event. I'm
talking real huge. sister.
- Colossal.
- It gonna take a long time.
- I mean how many times
do you got a wonderful church
coming in this bright wide-eyed city
to give away to the
youth and the homeless.
- You know what I'm saying?
- Yes.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yes. yes.
- You can slide whenever.
♪ I just want to touch dough.
I just want the finest ♪
(sirens wailing)
♪ I just want the big
big bag and the diamond ♪
♪ I just want to touch dough.
I just want the finest ♪
(fireworks booming)
- There was a time in my life.
we used to throw "Project X"
parties themed after the movie.
but they were so much
greater than that production.
a lot more Oakland.
It was kind of what I was known for.
Imagine a glorious gumbo of women.
sweat. mechanical bulls.
teenagers twerking.
sideshows. all marinated
to make a specific taste
that is the rebellious spirit of the Bay.
The greatest money play. until
the police hit us (laughs).
then once we was back broke.
it was back to the bitches.
We would throw big slumber
party. orgy type vibes.
We would have a group
of females come over.
and we would be in the
room. getting off freaking.
dropping drawers and things.
while that was happening.
another group would come over.
and then the girls would
rotate with each other.
and the cold part about it is once a girl
went in to the room. Skylar
was robbing 'em blind.
Everything. I mean everything.
the makeup palette.
the mirror that they looked in.
the wallet. inside the wallet.
(tense dramatic music)
The only thing we
leaving is the chapstick.
("Slumber Party" by
Guapdad 4000 & !llmind)
♪ Yeah. get something started ♪
♪ I can make somethin'
from nothin' hardly. yeah ♪
♪ You know that cat put me to sleep ♪
♪ We finna have us a slumber party ♪
♪ Yeah. gettin' somethin' started. yeah ♪
♪ You can't afford my
number hardly. digits ♪
♪ You know that dick put her to sleep ♪
♪ We finna have us a slumber
party. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Somethin' started. I know they like it ♪
♪ It's pussy plottin'.
you gon' slide with that ♪
♪ And put 'em to sleep ♪
♪ We finna have us a
slumber party. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Pop. pop. yeah. gettin'
somethin' started ♪
♪ You know my body. I'm comin' toxic ♪
♪ You know that Henny
put me to sleep. yeah ♪
♪ We finna have us a
slumber party. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'm trying to wake
up in a new bag. yeah ♪
♪ I'm trying to wake up
with a new bag. new bag ♪
♪ I'm talkin' that shit.
you niggas is ass. ass ♪
♪ Stop talkin' that
shit. you niggas is ass ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. hey ♪
♪ I'm tired runnin'
'round you nerds. yeah ♪
♪ I felt fatigued when
I walked out of Fendi ♪
♪ Eyelids heavy watchin'
you niggas cap. yeah ♪
♪ Eyelids heavy right ♪
(singer yawning)
♪ Gettin' somethin' started ♪
♪ I can make somethin'
from nothin' hardly. yeah ♪
♪ You know that cat put me to sleep ♪
♪ We finna have us a
slumber party. slumber ♪
♪ Yeah. gettin' somethin' started ♪
♪ You can't afford my number hardly ♪
♪ You know that dick put her to sleep ♪
♪ We finna have us a slumber party. yeah ♪
♪ Hey ♪
(lips smacking)
(all laughing)
- Oh shit.
- This is. hey. this is
Gulenciaga right here.
- Hey. like she had the first iPod.
- The Shuffle one?
- The Shuffle. yeah.
- There was hella shit in here.
- So what. what did y'all take?
- We left you something.
- Aw. nigga.
- Yeah. I take care of my niggas.
- Y'all. huh?
(both laughing)
Huh?
(chapstick thudding)
What the fuck you trying.
there was more shit than this.
- [Narrator] Our victories
brought us closer to freedom.
(crowd laughing)
(crowd murmuring)
When you live in the streets.
that only leads to dying on 'em.
Money fast. cars fast. life fast as hell.
So if you're never moving.
they gonna catch your ass.
("Catching Bodies" by
Guapdad 4000 & !llmind)
♪ I'm not selfish. I can not help it ♪
♪ Body look good. even
better when I felt it ♪
♪ Body like soul food.
suck you like shellfish ♪
♪ Murder on my mind now. I am not Melvin ♪
♪ Probably need a lawyer.
probably need a bails man ♪
♪ You the whole package.
you don't need a salesman ♪
♪ Hot like Celsius. hot like Kelvin ♪
♪ I let you steal my
whole rock like Elvis ♪
♪ Come have it. bust down in Balenci ♪
♪ You a bad B. 21 and
naked. you a savage ♪
♪ If you let me ah-ah. I'ma stab it ♪
♪ Put Chanely on your
back. gotta have it ♪
♪ I'm about self care.
20K in that Telfar ♪
♪ Usеd to be on welfare ♪
♪ Shе been givin' me that look ♪
♪ Might as well put some
money on a nigga book ♪
♪ 'Cause I know ♪
♪ I'm gettin' locked up ♪
♪ I know I'm gettin' locked
up. body gettin' locked up ♪
♪ She gettin' locked up. she
know we gettin' locked up ♪
♪ We gettin' locked up ♪
♪ I know. I know I should
go back to the streets ♪
♪ But I gotta get my peace.
that ah gonna die by me ♪
♪ I'm gonna kill it every time ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch a body in here ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch a
body if I hit it wrong ♪
♪ Lookin' like that. I'm
gonna catch a body in here ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch a body if I hit him ♪
♪ when he lookin' like that ♪
♪ Smell a homie in the air ♪
♪ I'm gonna catch a body
if he lookin' like that ♪
♪ When I hit. yeah ♪
♪ Just give me the word ♪
♪ I'm gonna pull over on
this curb. let's spray that ♪
♪ Count up dog shit. pourin' up darkness ♪
♪ Sippin' on Belaire.
stearin' in a starship ♪
♪ Mob stick in the back
seat. it's a war ship ♪
♪ Fuck the police. fuck
the law. livin' lawless ♪
♪ Black boy joy. every
season. I'm flawless ♪
♪ I'm the reason why
these niggas hate it ♪
♪ And they all pissed. Glock
pocket watchin' my bag ♪
♪ And came for y'all kids ♪
♪ Got a dangerous mind. I'm coldhearted ♪
♪ I don't know if it's the
history curvin' on my mind ♪
♪ When I think about that.
I got murder on my mind ♪
♪ Hey. Kiki. keep clarity
VV. I'm rippin' it TC ♪
♪ I'm stuck in these day
heads. buildin' a Tiki ♪
♪ Really not a problem when
you wanna come see me ♪
♪ Just drop up in it.
I'm gonna a spin a bend ♪
♪ Keep it player. I'm not
trying put no hands on you ♪
♪ I'm just trying put these
bands on you. yeah. still ♪
♪ I'm gettin' locked up ♪
♪ I know I'm gettin' locked
up. body gettin' locked up ♪
♪ She gettin' locked up. she
know we gettin' locked up ♪
♪ We gettin' locked up ♪
♪ Smell a homie in the air ♪
♪ I'm gonna a catch a
body if he lookin' like ♪
♪ That when I hit. yeah.
just give me the word. yeah ♪
♪ I'm gonna pull over on
this curb. let's spray that ♪
I'm a stoop kid.
I've seen everything on it.
I've seen the devil on it.
but I never hate it.
Home is a place you grow
up in wanting to leave.
but when you get older.
you dream of going back.
(birds chirping)
(muffled church music)
My momma's side is Filipino.
and my daddy's side is Black.
The side I look like the
most. the Black side.
taught me a lot about pain.
I didn't know that
being Black was negative
until certain adults in
my life proved that to me.
I remember going to church
with my grandma as a kid.
My grandma loved me unconditionally.
But when it came to other Filipinos.
especially the ones who
dedicated their lives to God.
their judgment felt kryptonite.
("10finity" by Guapdad 4000 and Illmind)
(woman harmonizing)
♪ Trying to make a wave like a speedboat ♪
♪ We slidin' like ski slopes ♪
♪ For the love of the C-notes ♪
♪ Only love my people ♪
♪ Black and Filipino ♪
♪ Not to the police though ♪
♪ To them. I'm a target ♪
♪ Stealin' from Target ♪
♪ They burn your whole city and
hate on your come up first ♪
♪ And it's a lot of town niggas
that ain't come up first ♪
♪ I got dirt on my hands.
I got blood on my shirt ♪
♪ Too many hands in my pot.
I cannot hold up the earth ♪
♪ Brother trying to hold me back ♪
♪ Baby. trying to hold me down ♪
♪ Niggas trying to hold me up ♪
♪ God seem like he holdin' out ♪
♪ Priors trying to hold me off ♪
♪ Women wanna hold all my valuables ♪
♪ When I can't even hold
myself accountable ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Sometimes. I fall insidе this drank ♪
♪ And show my life away ♪
♪ I talk to God at night ♪
♪ I pray for golden tidal waves ♪
♪ Wash mе ashore to another place ♪
♪ When I'm not at home. tucked off alone ♪
♪ Somewhere out on the road ♪
♪ I'm in survival mode ♪
♪ Forever stuck on 10. 10. 10. yeah ♪
♪ I still live on 10. 10. 10. yeah ♪
♪ Fuck just what. I'm
on 10. 10. 10. 10. 10 ♪
♪ I miss when I was just
10. 10. 10. 10. 10 ♪
(woman harmonizing)
(footsteps thudding)
(slow somber music)
Being biracial was a super power.
It allowed me to be a part
of two different worlds
with two different cultures
I can add to myself.
and that was an advantage.
When you're a kid.
you look at the world
as one big adventure.
unbound and with nothing to stop you.
The child's mind is so positive
that when you stop to think
about what adults said to you back then.
you overlook all the negative forces
that tried to place
mountains in your path.
I didn't realize certain jokes were racist
until I got older.
I didn't know I was supposed
to be a basketball player
because I looked like one.
I didn't know I was supposed
to behave a certain way
because of how I looked.
I remember when my mom
picked me and my grandma up
from church.
She would pull up to church in some form.
playing Juvenile. and
all my Filipino friends
thought it was cool.
But the OG Filipinos
thought it was ghetto.
loud. and disruptive.
(slow somber music)
Not everyone accepted us.
But I guess when you old.
you just get more racist.
(chuckles) you can't help it.
("PlayStation" by Guapdad
4000. Illmind and Buddy)
♪ Flying out frequently ♪
♪ Constantly traveling ♪
♪ I feel like Makaveli. right now ♪
♪ I get around. I get around. yeah ♪
♪ London. and Paris. Africa. Italy ♪
♪ Racking up frequent flyer miles ♪
♪ I get around. yeah. I get around ♪
♪ Would you love. yeah. me ♪
♪ While I'm suffering ♪
♪ Tell me would you love me ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm just trying to
get these commas little bit ♪
♪ You don't think I miss
my mom a little bit ♪
♪ I know I've been
fucking up a little bit ♪
♪ At least when I come
back. I'm coming back rich ♪
♪ London. and Paris. Africa. Italy ♪
♪ Racking up frequent flyer miles ♪
♪ I get around. yeah. I get around ♪
♪ Would you love. yeah. me ♪
♪ While I'm suffering ♪
♪ Out of town. I'm working on my ♪
♪ Tell me would you love. yeah. me ♪
♪ While I'm suffering ♪
(birds chirping)
(dog barking)
(slow gentle music)
My dad was in and out jail.
he send me this
handkerchief from the County
about two days before I graduated.
So his presence was not a
permanent one. but it was felt.
Oakland was filled with
street niggas and criminals.
and this was just part of the life.
Outside of my father.
I had people in my life
that became father figures.
my momma always said it takes
a village to raise a child.
My uncles. Aswad and Greg.
filled in some of those blanks for me.
Greg was Juice's dad.
Jigga Juice is my godbrother.
(slow gentle music)
Greg provided me with structure.
When I ran away from home.
I sneaked to Greg's house.
but the price of stayin'
there was doing chores.
dishes. watering plants.
potting. checking the dogs.
shit like that.
Greg used to have dog and cock fights.
we would clean and manage the kennels.
chicken guts. and dog guts.
I know that sound crazy. but I mean shit.
I learned how to be a
home owner. a handyman.
take care of my responsibilities.
I learned how to be a man
scrubbing them base boards
at Greg's house.
("Muhammad" by Guapdad 4000 and Illmind)
Greg was a legend.
♪ Yeah. what is that ♪
♪ Yeah. look at my bag ♪
♪ What's in that. all 50s. 100s ♪
♪ Capitol Hill. Capital One.
we gonna capital run it ♪
♪ Only 69. my hoes. I
can't keep it a 100 ♪
♪ 50 fucking dollars. bitch.
you coulda kept it a 100 ♪
♪ My bitch up a 100. and
she started as a runner ♪
♪ Before the trap. we was
fuckin' started as a plumber ♪
♪ 200 by the winter if you
started in the summer ♪
♪ Both my parents trapped. and
it started with my mother ♪
♪ When you getting low flows ♪
♪ See you me they wanna smother ♪
♪ Bitch in there with Jigga Juice ♪
♪ Yeah. that's my brother.
left Valentine's Day ♪
♪ Get his daddy a new Porsche ♪
♪ Just for his pops to say
he ain't want the sport ♪
♪ Team up with money.
money up with sport ♪
♪ All the cool kids in high
school is now dorks. weird ♪
♪ Come full circle. and
karma stab you like a spork ♪
♪ Cookin' in the lab. just
to get my bake on like pork ♪
♪ My momma want a Herme.
my brother want a Hummer ♪
♪ And listen when I talk.
like the honorable Muhammad ♪
♪ In the durag catching head
from my biker bitch. Ducati ♪
♪ Bitch. you know my body. yeah ♪
♪ I'm not anybody ♪
♪ Look at my bag. what's
in that. all 50s. 100s ♪
♪ Capitol Hill. Capital One.
we gon' capital run it ♪
♪ Only 69. my hoes. I
can't keep it a 100 ♪
♪ 50 fucking dollars. bitch.
you could've kept it a 100 ♪
Greg had a big weed growing
operation in the house.
and nobody dare to rob him.
just because he was a
real West Oakland OG.
He was on his way to
becoming a weed millionaire
until one day. somebody snitched on him.
The police eventually raided his house.
taking all his weed plants away.
and in a crazy turn of events.
the police had to bring
back all his plants.
because he sued the City of Oakland
for conducting that raid illegally.
With the help of his inside
friend who used to work
for the Mayor of the city.
he got his paperwork together
and sued the drawers
off the city (chuckles).
He got all his weed back from the police.
shortly after. this nigga sued PG&E.
that's the power company in the Bay.
It was one of their maintenance workers
who tipped off the police on Uncle Greg.
he was giving private
information to the police
while on a job.
Loophole is a motherfucker. ain't it?
Greg's confidence and love for himself
for sure rubbed off on me.
He had a millionaire's
prayer that he wrote.
and it was about how his millionaire seed
would come to fruition (laughs).
We would hold hands at the
dinner table. saying grace.
and he made everybody hold hands
while he prayed for himself.
"Father God. I want You to bless the man
that owns this house.
because of him. I want
you to bless the kitchen
that allowed other people
to cook for this man."
(laughs) The whole world
revolved around Greg.
("Big Shot" by Guapdad 4000 and Illmind)
♪ You gotta understand me. stand me ♪
♪ Me and all my niggas. we
some big shots. big shots ♪
♪ Got the blamy. blamy ♪
♪ If I send a shooter. he
gon' send them big shots ♪
♪ I know I look young.
but I got big guap. yeah ♪
♪ Big fetti. big breaded. guap ♪
♪ Big love. they check me
when I'm big headed. ego ♪
♪ Everybody wear a
crown around me. crown ♪
♪ Even my demons felt
blessed when they found me ♪
♪ I'm a baller. baller. shot caller ♪
♪ Lil' mama my baby.
but not my baby mama ♪
♪ Shit. I could change that too. yeah ♪
♪ I was bustin' out the
motherfuckin' bag. hey ♪
♪ Pulled 10. 20. 30 racks
out on they broke ass ♪
♪ My bitch thick. bustin' out
the frame. out the frame ♪
♪ Play with that on the jet ♪
♪ She was bustin' on the plane. yeah ♪
♪ Trying to put on for my
motherfuckin' team. for the team ♪
♪ I paint a picture with my words ♪
♪ I'm trying to put on for that scene ♪
♪ I got niggas who just
waitin' on a text ♪
♪ And they gon' pull
up like. what's next ♪
♪ If it's a problem. we gon'
get on niggas neck. 10 ♪
♪ I know. I know ♪
♪ I could be a boss with my
eyes closed. eyes closed ♪
♪ And my mind froze. but
I need my guys froze. I ♪
♪ I'm just trying to put my niggas on ♪
♪ Trying to put my niggas on ♪
♪ So that's why you gotta understand me ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. me and all my niggas ♪
♪ We some big shots. big shots ♪
♪ Got the blamy. blam. blam ♪
♪ If I send a shooter. he
gonna send them big shots ♪
♪ I know I look young.
but I got big guap. guap ♪
♪ Big fetti. big breaded.
big fetti. big love ♪
♪ Yeah. they check me when
I'm big headed. big headed ♪
♪ Everybody wear a crown
around me. wear a crown ♪
♪ Even my demons felt blessed
when they found me. Amen ♪
♪ I'm a baller. baller. shot caller ♪
♪ Lil' mama my baby. but
not my baby mama. mama ♪
♪ Shit. I could change that too ♪
♪ Change that too. change that too ♪
My momma coming home was
a bitter sweet event.
Everybody cried and hugged.
but they all made sure to
have a big. merry feast
of lumpia and adobo.
(slow gentle music)
At the end of the day. we
all had to sit down and eat.
- [Woman] You're my lovely.
you're my lovely. my lovely.
- God is good. God is great.
Let us thank You for our food.
Amen.
(all laughing)
- I'm sorry. Guap. sorry.
- That's why we don't you say grace.
- Oh. you want to say
grace. I'll say grace.
Everyone say grace?
- Can you say it please.
- What?
- Yeah. everyone says.
- Thank You for waking
us up this morning. Lord.
Thank You for the hands
who prepared the food.
Thank You for waking us up.
bless our family. friends. and
the whole wide world. Lord.
Please steer us in the right direction.
so we can be leaders. and
make sure we just help others.
and just bless our whole world. amen.
- Amen.
- Now that's a grace.
- That's a grace.
- Glad you started.
- Yeah.
- Here we go.
- nanay. yes.
- Yeah. looks good.
- All right. all right.
- I hope you enjoy this.
- Thank you. nanay.
- [All] Oh!
- She been in there whipping.
she been in there whipping.
There you go.
- All right.
("Chicken Adobo" by
Guapdad 4000 and Illmind)
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ How I fell in love with
you. it was beautiful ♪
♪ Like Chicken Adobo. how you fill me up ♪
♪ Being by myself is scary.
but love is scarier ♪
♪ I'm just trying to make it in America ♪
♪ How I fell in love with
you. it was beautiful ♪
♪ Like Chicken Adobo. how you fill me up ♪
♪ Being by myself. but love is scarier ♪
♪ I'm just trying to make
it in America. yeah ♪
♪ Summer of '10. mama on bin ♪
♪ So bust out the rin. bust
out the spin. piecin' it in ♪
♪ Brother pitch in. mother's
kitchen we goin in ♪
♪ Fuckin' shit up. like when
you cookin'. make that shit up ♪
♪ Bring the hoes over.
then makin' 'em cook ♪
♪ Boy. I had hopes. since snotty
my nose. dirty my clothes ♪
♪ Fuck this is vogue.
when my uncle on voes ♪
♪ And my cousin on fours ♪
♪ Wide open. how I come in your lane ♪
♪ Ibuprofen how you numbin' the pain ♪
♪ Only thing I change
about you's your name ♪
♪ How I fell in love with
you it was beautiful ♪
♪ Like Chicken Adobo how
you fill me up. Adobo ♪
♪ Being by myself is scary.
but love is scarier. scary ♪
♪ I'm just trying to make
it in America. America ♪
♪ How I fell in love with you
it was beautiful. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Like Chicken Adobo how
you fill me up. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Being by myself. but love
is scarier. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ I'm just trying make it
in America. it's a check ♪
(people murmuring)
- [Narrator] The greatest scam I ever ran
was convincing myself
that I didn't need my momma to grow up.
The truth is I grew up.
and became my momma.
- No. no. that was-
- That was 30 bands
out of the Safeway.
- 30?
- No. I had 10.
- No. no.
we had 10.000 a piece.
- Come on. man.
- 10?
- First play?
- Yeah. that was. that was back when 101-
- And then the kid said-
- I thought it was Christmas.
- No.
- Yeah.
- [Narrator] She was the
greatest finesser in Oakland.
A tough but pretty woman
who empowered herself
to get to the top.
She commanded her destiny by
always trying to figure out
the system.
Her coming from jail is now a result.
of scamming the judge by telling him
that she had an addiction.
She said that her addiction was money.
that led her to go to a
special rehab facility
which drastically reduced her sentence.
(sirens wailing)
- Toast.
- Toast to each other.
- Let's make a toast.
- To each other.
- Each other.
(glasses clanking)
(all laughing)
- What the fuck?
(slow gentle music)
- [Narrator] Her real
addiction was finessing.
Despite all the pain
that me. and my brothers.
and my sister had to endure
from her not being around.
she had the best way of making
us forget about everything.
because she was a survivor.
and we were survivors.
(slow somber music)
(dog barking)
A stoop kid lives
1176 to infinity.
To my brothers. my sister. my nanay.
my pops. and my momma.
you can kill my body.
and you can take my life.
but you could never kill my soul.
My soul will live forever.
("Gargoyles" by Guapdad 4000 & !llmind)
- Huey P. Newton.
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. Guapdad. baby. Guapdad ♪
♪ That's a check I guess ♪
♪ Yeah. da. da. da. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. da. da. da. yeah. ooh. ooh. ♪
♪ I built a castle with some
tall walls. tall walls ♪
♪ Hoping gargoyles never
fall off. don't fall off ♪
♪ All it took was a quake
for my planet to shake ♪
♪ Now I'm going crazy. I'm going crazy ♪
♪ It's not just one problem.
it's a lot of shit. ♪
♪ A lot of shit. everyday another one ♪
♪ Like ain't that about a bitch ♪
♪ All it took was one quake
for my planet to shake ♪
♪ And now I'm going crazy. crazy ♪
♪ Honestly I don't know
what the fuck is wrong. oh ♪
♪ Honestly. I can't put my
thumb on it. oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ Honestly. I'm usually a happy soul ♪
♪ But lately. I've been
looking for an opp ♪
♪ So he could trip and go dumb on it ♪
♪ Lost my fountain of youth ♪
♪ I'm still scared of getting old ♪
♪ Desperate for some weed ♪
♪ I'm still scared of being cold ♪
♪ The world got my dream fucked up ♪
♪ So now my team fucked up ♪
♪ I be fucked up if I
can't do this for my woes ♪
♪ I wanna break up with you ♪
♪ We been openly dating ♪
♪ You fucked other dudes ♪
♪ And I never did hate it ♪
♪ 'Cause I could do me. and
fucked these other bitches ♪
♪ But when I get sad like this ♪
♪ I be like. man. fuck
these fucking bitches ♪
♪ I'm struggling with problems ♪
♪ That I never really dealt with before ♪
♪ And on top of that they
layin' on top my problems ♪
♪ That I thought that
I left out the door ♪
♪ That's why I built a
castle with some tall walls ♪
♪ Hoping Gargoyles. never fall off ♪
♪ All it took was a quake
for my planet to shake ♪
♪ Now I'm going crazy. I'm going crazy ♪
♪ Yeah. da. da. da. yeah ♪
♪ Yeah. da. da. da. yeah. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Yeah. ooh. ooh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
(logo whooshing)